# Hangya utkozese mereggel

create Glade glade

create Field current glade
create Field north1 glade
create Field north2 glade
create Field north3 glade
create Field north4 glade
create Field west1 glade
create Field west2 glade
create Field west3 glade
create Field west4 glade
create Field east1 glade
create Field east2 glade
create Field east3 glade
create Field east4 glade

set current neighbour_N north1
set current neighbour_NW west1
set current neighbour_NE east1

set north1 neighbour_N north2
set north1 neighbour_NW west2
set north1 neighbour_NE east2

set north2 neighbour_N north3
set north2 neighbour_NW west3
set north2 neighbour_NE east3

set north3 neighbour_N north4
set north3 neighbour_NW west4
set north3 neighbour_NE east4

create Ant ant
set ant direction N
add ant current

create Poison poison
add poison north1

animate ant
get ant TTL
animate poison
get poison TTL

animate ant
get ant TTL
animate poison
get poison TTL

animate ant
get ant TTL
animate poison
get poison TTL

list all

animate ant
get ant TTL
animate poison
get poison TTL

list all
